the cameras have captured other animals
scavenging Rivera's kill sable a type of
weasel eat whatever they find Eagles and
even wild bored benefit from Tiger
killed in winter and then Vivaro makes
her entrance
ah look at that daytime as well
yes he looks pretty but look out
conscious is she's smelling where you
guys work she still looks quite young I
mean she's a she is she does she
does look good doesn't she's but she's
she's a good shape
great
and the other camera we had here don't
tell me that in fire
to see the markings like that it's this
nice ISM isn't it yeah yeah that's nice
but where the Cubs I mean she well we
didn't actually get to the site where
the Cubs were stashed and she didn't
bring him down through here
unfortunately so we missed that
opportunity collectively with the radio
collar the camera traps in these videos
we've gotten a much better understanding
of the way mothers interact and take
care of their Cubs up until this point
we had always thought that females would
leave their cubs at a kill site and then
go off hunting and then go back to the
kill site get the Cubs and bring it to
the new kill but we've seen in this
video right here they don't leave their
Cubs at the kills and then that makes
sense because that's a dangerous spot
we've seen through these camera traps
all these other carnivores coming
through Lynx and sable and what even
wild boar coming in so it's actually a
dangerous place to leave your Cubs so
she takes them off someplace and we
don't even really realize that until we
started getting some of this footage
the Siberian tiger is one of the world's
most endangered animals footage like
this is invaluable
only by studying this remarkable animals
natural behavior can scientists learn
how to protect it and while we haven't
seen the Cubs
it looks like Guevara has got over her
camera shyness